[Music] Let's
see family, let's start here. It
turns out that as I was saying before,
in the morning when I wake up, the
first thing I do is put on
airplane mode. The WhatsApp messages start arriving,
but
all the notifications from all the
platforms also start arriving. So when I see that
I have a message from Twitter, eh, and it's Mia Kylar,
well, I was really surprised by the beautiful message she said
good morning to me. Wouldn't you like to
wake up to a message from Mia Kyar?
We would love to, I mean, you can
have a nicer awakening. You shouldn't have
found out about Dallas, you seem
very quiet. But she lost the lawsuit
against Miare. Are you going to make a video
about it? It's nothing, just to inform you. You're not doing
your job very well. But the journalist is here
to help. Kisses. Kisses.
This has been my good morning. Uh, this has
been my awakening. Uh, I've been looking at
Mia Kylar's Twitter, it's given me some strange things, it's given me
a little bit of curiosity just seeing it,
no, but I mean, I'm posting the screenshot when I
wake up. Good morning and such. And  she
loved it eh Here it is again the
aplo the aplo chaffer the aplo chaffer
Why the aplo chaffer my dater nilla
I don't know is mine very romantic
with you Javi Yes but this type of
attitude m I see it a little attention
World be it is that no what explanation does she
give if not what explanation does she give if not I
mean the chick comes as because of course
let's see mm you may like her better
or worse a character here we are not
talking about the forera from before okay here we
are talking about a person who I think does
not know the others no I mean neither with
Dallas nor with miar has had anything no
but she is more of a fan of one than the
other or because of ideology or whatever
no eh or because of sides no and because of a
mob or whatever no but of course from
there to you taking a
gossip creator and opening a md to tell him
because here in reality he is not
reminding me if he is reminding me about the
if he is informing me of a topic because he
thinks that I have not commented on it It is that he is
missing  a nero because it's not that well he has
n't seen the live stream that night no no it's not that he has
n't seen my Twitter
because I was commenting on
this topic on Twitter you know men he hates you a lot and
sends you a kiss no I don't know think about it Well from
Love to hate there's a step But what am I
telling you I mean a person who's not
involved HM is going to send me a
text I just don't understand I mean how
Ricky's little kids do it to you
people who still believe in people
like delox Okay well you still say you
Well they're special but for
a girl to do it to you How does This girl Trent have
so many sticks I mean you lack nerve I mean
why do you come to me why do you come to me
How to tell me that Haha your friend has
lost a I mean that's what you come to
tell me point number one And what about me I mean I
don't have to pay for it I have enough
with mine you understand mm
personally what I think about this
lawsuit I've said before I'm not going to go
into depth I prefer to avoid it
But not for nothing but  for the problems I
already have with these people Eh if I
really think about this I'm going to have them
hooked for three or four weeks
insulting me on Twitter all of them you
know I personally have already
said it many times me mm some people who have
had so many problems with the other
Ana a kiss some people who have done
so many things to Dallas m me for me
Well, he insulted you what can I say I mean
I would also insult people who have
done things to me surely Javi You
shouldn't have found out about Dallas you
seem quiet I mean what I think is uh that
basically of course insults can't be
justified of course when
we are in the media we can't say
everything we think mm when we are
in public and more so with so much repercussion we
can't say it I have also
made that mistake on several occasions you
know and they have sued me but let's
see the thing is that people have
feelings people when we
get heated and certain things are done to us well you get
fired up when they
do it to you or someone around you
someone that you love well it turns you on
and without further ado then well what do you
want me to say if me  They condemn me
because I have insulted, I have gone crazy
one day what have you done or said
something to me or to my partner or to whoever in
my environment you understand me there are many things there
are many things that have to
be in conflict so for
me the whole bottom line is what I tell you, I
mean eh what dem they denounce with the thing of the
minors they denounce him for abuse eh
dlas has to report because they do not
return the dog to him he wins it and they still do
not return the dog and they have to
put a penalty in the criminal they have
messed up Don Quixote I still like it are you still
going to come to report me to sue
for civil law because I have insulted you you
know but no not that that but it is
very evident not that if you have insulted
someone strongly they are not
strong expressions they are going to condemn you okay it is very
evident but to me specialist people
like this It is that this is like they are
very special people I mean the people who are
celebrating this the people who support
these people are very special people for
me let's see the whole conflict is
like Anaya's lawsuit the
Anaya lawsuit Of course the n  Of course she wins, I
expected that she was going to win,
of course, I mean, if it's true that it has been
proven that Naya went and published that
call when she wasn't a participant or anything like
that. Well, of course they're going to
condemn her, but for me the point is what
was being proven, right? I mean, what
was being discussed in that call. Well,
people say, Oh, well, she won, she
won, she was right. Of course, she was
right that that can't be published. No,
but that's like if I'm now
suing Win, michu. No, because he published it, it does
n't make sense, it's
hypocrisy at every turn. No, but well, you
pay and what's the problem
exactly? Well, you take responsibility for what you
've done and and and without further ado, no. I mean, I
imagine that Dala, eh. I don't know. Now
later we'll see what Dala said,
but I think she won't regret what she
said. You understand what happens?
You can't say everything you
think and such. And you already know. No, you don't
say it again and and without further ado, but for
these special people. I mean, of all  the
lawsuit the whole lawsuit the
minors' case the court gives her the loose the thing about the dog he
orders him to return the dog he doesn't
return it he has to file a
criminal complaint eh the dog they say has a
twin brother I don't know what I don't know how much
all the mess they made with the dog they
condemn him for the dog because of
misappropriation document forgery eh
Emilio or rather well but Eh Eh Eh Eh the
end of Dallas who has insulted someone
man Forgive me Mika a kiss forgive me forgive me
m Forgive me I have tweets from
that man it's clear that they don't have
repercussions but that man has also
posted things on Twitter about Dallas that are
not true because they are not nonsense eh And
not from a multi-account from his own I'm not
going to say his name but from his from
his account with his name Because I
knew the man from his account he has
posted things Pin Pin clicking clicking
clicking you know then of course here what is
taken into account is that one is
famous and the other is not one has
repercussions and the other does not that's why what I
was telling you eh I  I think this
complaint in fact first I
would have to verify this I'm not sure
okay but I think this complaint was
first filed criminal And since the
criminal didn't work I think then
they went for civil but I'm not sure
eh maybe I'm wrong
but if you notice Dallas in those
videos is saying family of
criminals the mother this I don't know and only
the father sues because well because he
has a very good lawyer who takes very good
steps the truth is things have to be
recognized and he knows very well the
strategy How to play it and then
Call all the press and play with the
headlines okay but you have to
realize the details like
Dallas talks about the Father And the mother the
mother why doesn't she sue too as she
did in mine in the first mine because
in the second she didn't get involved Well
because the mother is also insulting him all day
on Twitter it's public and
all that stuff But well there are
special people like me okay who are not
part of the conflict and you come to me but
apart This is not like reminding me of
content that I forgot to
comment on this is like challenging me
like if something bothered me this
you know like it was my thing and
pathetic no and now he goes and quotes the tweet he
retweets it u u I don't understand people
how do they want to ruin it see it the
Javi of the past would give attention to
me man I do give him attention yes I
'm giving him attention like no I
invite her here to upload if you want I How you
want to ruin your life buddy I mean you
're criticizing you're rejoicing
that a person is convicted for
insult And you're there Pin Pin Pin with
the lawsuits that are forgiven I mean he
quotes it again because they haven't paid attention to him they haven't paid
enough attention to him
before and I quote it again Sorry I didn't see
that you had already talked about the subject because your
channel seems like total [ __ ] to me and I'd
rather cut myself I'd rather cut my
sausage again Before watching one of
your videos I just wanted to remind you that the
Supreme Court of Justice has
convicted Dallas just that Jiji Sorry
eh what did I put here and me for
what the [ __ ] do you remind me of that [ __ ] I
mean it's like I
lost something but it's not even
Dallas I mean Dallas lives his life chill
calmly yes it's true that he has
this not with this family he's going to
have it for life I mean
those of us who talk to him have it we have it imagine
imagine he okay This is going to be for
life he's going to have it for life
and he has to go
eh you know but it's like you were from
Sevilla and Beti and he comes and you're happy
because Beti won you know dros la
no dros laapp pea a lot but it's so
ridiculous I mean it's pathetic I mean
Dallas lost a sentence for
insults Oh and how many youtubers go Since they
've lost a sentence for insults And that takes
away everything else of course then they get
burned for example the part that wins
the lawsuits is more burned than the one that
lost it and that also happened to me with
another lawsuit that I lost Damn
those who lose are more burned than those who
win Why Because the result is not
such in the end who celebrates  this Well the little
team mine kyar Joan flat
Tania or normal people say Well well they
have convicted him for insulting you cannot
use
those expressions you cannot say those things okay that cannot be done in a medium okay you could have said the same thing with other expressions in another way but well they are things of the heat also okay Well of the heat and the conflict that they have measured in time because
their lawyer alleges not that it was not a
heat because it was in another video the
following year he also said it and it's like Ah
But this is not day to day because I
have here all the things
that this lady tells us and it's every day
every day every day every day when it's
not abusive They are insults that
we are [ __ ] that we have no
dignity that I don't know what all I said that's why
she doesn't sue she brings in
others But well a kiss from me very cool
the truth is your message there you don't have the
Ricky But what am I telling you I mean
eh Anyway nothing is nonsense it's
turning nonsense around let's see what it is
What the dala said, let's see
what the dala said,
my base, my base, good journalist
[Music]